# Python-Javascript-TextApp

Description of Bug:
The same issue is displayed to the user if it saves the text file after the user presses the close button, so the user then saves it and text app closes. The user then opens the text file from the file manager and its the same outcome of this issue, although altered to the saved text file.

What this text app needs is reference background.js of this last text file and any other open text files in the text app. And if the user commands to open the text file, from the file manager, the user would have a new text file and a blank slate of the text app. The user would only have one of the versions of the text file and when the user is closing and opening the text-app the user would have a clean slate and not have any other text files open. In any circumstance that can be performed by the user.

I just found another bug connected to this, same outcome and circumstance, if you have the text files open, both of them, the same text file as before. Then when the user double clicks the text file in the file manager it will select not only the first text file it is, but if you close that first text file and only have the second text file in the text app, open. If the user double clicks the same text file in the file manager it then selects that what was the second, already opened text file in the text app. And if the user clicks the text file, again and again with a double click button action. Then the user clicks to close the text app with that one text file open. The user opens the text app again and it now has the same amount of double clicked actions the user has opened previously in the file manager in the amount of text files the text app has opened for the user to view, that the user double clicked to open, previously in the file manager with the same text file.


The next several steps of the QA&&T process is this: you find the lines of code in this very codebase as to where exactly this computer operation hence the action is taking place:; hitherto by clicking the same text file more than once the GoogleOS application never successfully wipes the Text<t> App completely leaving it with the other past old file(s) and the same previously opened Text<t> File()'s. So my computer scientist instinct is this, the senior developer could fix this problem in less than 2 weeks, but I however need to let this program tell the Google ChromebookOS I do not need your application to stay and keep open and still save my old files in the display as well, I want it closed and forgotten and removed like all the other times I have done this with your text files, than give me the same text file new() and a new Text<t> App and its the new file only displayed in the Google ChromebookOS application because the developer version doesn't have the same problem because it isn't using the ChromebookOS its using the Browser ChromeOS extension route for this Text<t> AppChromeBookExtention.


//'//'//'(//-v>s.?/')0//0')0/)'"-_PIO{P}_-"'GI(O_-0"")/P;
